Gibson large generation (#387)
facebookresearch/habitat-api: README.md

The trained models and the task datasets are considered data derived from the correspondent scene datasets.
- Matterport3D based task datasets and trained models are distributed with [Matterport3D Terms of Use](http://kaldir.vc.in.tum.de/matterport/MP_TOS.pdf) and under [CC BY-NC-SA 3.0 US license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/).

> - Gibson based task datasets and code generating it, trained models are distributed with [Gibson Terms of Use](https://storage.googleapis.com/gibson_material/Agreement%20GDS%2006-04-18.pdf) and under [CC BY-NC-SA 3.0 US license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gibson based task datasets, the code for generating such datasets, and trained models are distributed with [Gibson Terms of Use](https://storage.googleapis.com/gibson_material/Agreement%20GDS%2006-04-18.pdf) and under [CC BY-NC-SA 3.0 US license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/).
```
